Add 4.20.0 blog post (#7657)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/fleet-4.20.0.md

* Renamed the `host_settings` section to `features` in the the [`config` YAML file](https://fleetdm.com/docs/using-fleet/configuration-files#features). `host_settings` is still supported for backwards compatibility.

* Improved the activity feed by adding the ability to see when, and by who, agent options are modified. This information is available on the Home page in the Fleet UI and the [`GET /activites` API route](https://fleetdm.com/docs/using-fleet/rest-api#activities).

* Improved the [documentation for the `config` YAML document](https://fleetdm.com/docs/using-fleet/configuration-files#organization-settings).

* Improved the **Hosts** page for smaller screen widths.

* Improved the building of osquery installers for Windows (`.msi` packages).

* Added a **Show query** button on the **Schedule** page which adds the ability to quickly see a query's SQL.

* Improved the Fleet UI by adding loading spinners to all buttons that create or update entities in Fleet (ex. users).

> * Fix a bug in which a user could not reach some teams in the UI via pagination if there were more than 20 teams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug in which a user could not reach some teams in the UI via pagination if there were more than 20 teams.
```

* Fix a bug in which a user could not reach some users in the UI via pagination if there were more than 20 users.

* Fix a bug in which duplicate vulnerabilities (CVEs) sometimes appeared on **Software details** page.

> * Fix a bug in which the count in the **Issues** column (exclamation tooltip) in the **Hosts** table would sometimes not appear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug in which the count in the **Issues** column (exclamation tooltip) in the **Hosts** table would sometimes not appear.
```

* Fix a bug in which no error message would appear if there was an issue while setting up Fleet.

> * Fix a bug in which no error message would appear if creating or editing a label with a name or description that is too long.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug in which no error message would appear if users were creating or editing a label with a name or description that was too long.
```

> * Fix a big in which the example payload for usage statistics included incorrect key names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a big in which the example payload for usage statistics included incorrect key names.
```

> * Fix a bug in which the count above the **Software** table would sometimes not appear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug in which the count above the **Software** table would sometimes not appear.
```

> * Fix a bug in which the **Add hosts** button would not be displayed shown when search returns 0 hosts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug in which the **Add hosts** button would not be displayed when search returned 0 hosts.
```

> * Fix a bug in which modifying filters on the **Hosts** page would not return the user to the first page of the **Hosts** table. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug in which modifying filters on the **Hosts** page would not return the user to the first page of the **Hosts** table. 
```
